So let's add some in-style into these main navigation and fit the curriculum to the side you can see
that the bar is just discovered that we have right to so far as we're going out and going at right click
and we're looking and I'm going to explain the code right here so you can see that we have these Zied
with the classes start from primary navigation.
So we're going to complete this class and I'm going to come and rescue main navigation
and then I have some MySpace and I'm going to have the background color.
So we're going to use a color
and I'm going to copy these color save these and reload
and you can see we have the right looking nice.
So then you can see for example in the design the bar is a little smaller here.
The bat is bigger or talent.
So if we go right here you can see in the anchors we have some palindrome that we're going to scroll
a little.
And here is this selector.
So we're going to copy the insane and you can see the unit of measurement in the Stefani's M and we
want to remove this a little so we can use the arrow right here or we can remove some values.
So for example I'm going to have and point eight something like these.
And maybe 973 fine.
So Point 9 am is going to be a top and bottom and that one is going to be left and right.
So you can copy these
and reload and you can see these only change the menu.
But on the right we have also we have a similar problem so we're going to inspect these and you can
see this is going to be a select site for contents and we can open the other selectors are in the camera
hip and page right here.
Save this and reload and there you can see this Mahdi army brigade combat on the top.
So that's nice and so I know I find in this class it's a little complex you can use the the inspectors.
So make sure that you are using for example Cranmore fire folks they are really nice tools that you
can inspect the elements and find the selectors on the right.
And this says that is apply it to that items.
So this would make it easier the way you work with Nicole.
So for example I'm going to inspect and I'm going to copy the selector.
You can see this one is beore by the pad on the top.
They all lie there on the world is a little darker so the section that is solid or darker is a current
selector.
They are out in color and this is a color that for example the rest is another selectors but it's not
the current selectors we're going to copy these only the section on the bottom
and I'm going to piece right here.
And I'm going to add some properties and when I've got a lot of white it's going to be eight takes and
then when I fly these important daying that takes the knots from it's going to be uppercase and then
when either form the weights in candidate to make these Bolduc if one side says something like 1 am
I say these old
and you can see de-select are different we need to apply these to the to the other ones.
So we need to find the selector on the click here and you can see them right here.
So we're going to go with the selector.
All of these are going to be everything from here and then going out of that coma base everything.
And you can see we have some commander and I'm going to integrate here.
And right here of course if you find these a little complex I'm going to make this hobby level in the
car the selectors and everything I make all and I can see who's looking better.
Have something we're going to change cell phone size in the next few years.
And I'm going to make this a little bigger maybe 1.2 M
is looking better I think.
You can see that there are sub menus and it all we're using these are going to use their Pinkel that
we have right here.
So in that case
I'm going I don't shop and make sure that you select this ally that we have here.
And then we're going to cover this and then we're going to click you don't call her.
So this will display a menu and you can click.
You can click on the menu and you can see we had background color right here so we can copy these main
de-select arrested
and you can page right here and we're going to use that back and I'm color and we're going to copy these
being called that we have on the top.
Save these and reload
and you can see we have the pink color.
I went to change.
And so these are two white on the same menu.
Then I click on and then we're going up and the anger and you can see that we have the selector right
here on the right.
So again we're going to copy everything.
Is going to play it right here.
It's one and comma and then we're going to Basie's so save the center lane.
Now you can close this shop and you can see her candles and guides in PBF home gets downwards and my
account in my opinion this looks they look a little bigger I'm going to change these two branches to
one am yes and these will work.
Know for example on the right you can see we have the day items this robin looks fine.
In my opinion.
Marosi that cease fire items and you can see it's really hard to read the color and the opacity that
is how I play it right there.
So you can use again the developer tools and inspect it and you will find these Hispan that count.
And frankly you can copy these based Angua are going to have a the the we're going to change about it
when so bassy goes from 0 to 1.
Americans have something like this.
Opacity when and maybe it's a plane and all the styling because it's in you can see better but it's
hard to see where you can see the phone with the candidate.
We're going to change that file and wait 400 make a little ball there.
And now this looks a little better.
One hundred forty five and that got 5 items and this section looks nice.
I really like these.
So now we have started the menu.
For example if this is Mallare you can see in the movie version this looks really weird.
So here for example we can a the equity or the media on the screen and men get 768 boxes and we're going
to wrap up all of these.
So I've got everything right here.
And page right here.
So this is stylin that we are going to be applied only for certain candidates big sense in large screens.
So now we can't load.
Nothing is going to change by that for me.
The smaller they start in is not right here and you can see the menus working fine.
So in the next video on the show you start the mobile menu to add some stylin and bring these menu with
a different color or same for once in a very different alignment right here.